chapter 12 of the Apocalypse speaks of
respect of a pure woman
it symbolizes the church of christ
in contrast in chapter 17 of
apocalypse
we have a prostitute a whore
these churches are in position
antagonistic
today we will know a little more about
respect of the fall of the great harlot
hello friends, welcome again
to the study of the book of the apocalypse
today we are going to study about the fall of
great whore
I wanted to invite you to read with me.
apocalypse in chapter 17 versus 3 and 4
transported my angel in spirit to a
desert and I saw a woman riding a
This scarlet beast is full of names.
of blasphemy with seven heads and 10
horns
he thought the woman was dressed in purple and
dial tin adorned with gold of stones
precious stones and pearls with a
golden cup overflowing with
abominations and with the uncleanness of his
prostitution versus 5 on their forehead
thought is inscribed the name of a mystery
Babylon there is great
the mother of harlots and abominations
of the earth apocalypse 17 deals with the fall of
great beatriz
today we are going to study about a movement
religion that has turned away from purity
doctrine of the apostles and corrupted
other churches with their false doctrines
we believe that God has two churches in this
Earth
the visible church and the invisible church
We already studied here about the
characteristics that identify the church
visible in chapter 12 of apocalypse
the invisible church is made up of children
sincere of God who are present in
all interesting churches is that god
have a special invitation to your children
that are in these denominations we will see
this invitation
we read here in the bible concerning the name
Babylon Babylon Means Confusion
this name originated at the time when
9- year old doubts about the promises
god that no more destroy the planet
through a deluge to try to escape the
a possible thaw, I saw the people who
they lived at that time to build a tower
to try to reach the heavens with
she but god they will not meet
your promise
so let us guard against Babylon
therefore it is a symbol of rebellion and
represents those who abandon
purity of the word of god
in exchange for the wine of false doctrines of
Babylon
if in chapter 12 apocalipse we have
a pure woman representing the church is
true
here in chapter 17 this prostitute she
represents the fallen church that with its
false doctrines leads to drunken
kings of the earth
In this context the wine here symbolizes
false doctrines are the doctrines or
the dogmas of paganism that gradually
infiltrating the Christian church
some true doctrines like
Saturday was replaced by Sunday and
others also began to believe in the
purgatory worship of saints
the veneration of images and other things
that came from paganism and infiltrated
inside the Christian church but God has a
invitation to all your sincere
even within Babylon in this invitation
appears in chapter 18 in verse 4 when
God says so there was another voice from heaven
saying, take ye out from them my people to
not be accomplices in their sins and
not to participate in their flagellates
God is here making an appeal to all
sincere son and daughter independent of
place you are but you want to join
to the church that keeps the commandments
God and believe in all truths
taught by this book
yes we must seek to understand the
God's will for our lives and caring
so that the wines of Babylon do not
come to deceive us or turn us away
of the pure truth taught in the word of
Christ, my friend, and you, we are today.
invite us to join the church that
practice the truth of the word of God and
to leave Babylon, which is yes in
rebellion against God and against His
truth
Throughout history God has always had a
persecuted people.
cause of these truths but you and me
Today we can choose to be on our side.
right on the side of truth
open your heart to Christ now take the
decision to follow the whole truth as
is in his word Christ promised that
when the Holy Spirit came to him
would lead to the whole truth
the spirit does not lead us to truths
partial but the whole truth
This means that the doctrines that
modern Christianity has stepped into the
true that many have not followed
Babylon is spreading its
wine in all directions and you and I
we need to guard against
Satan's tricks
so open your heart now and take
the decision to join the pure church
represented in the apocalypse 12 in a
verse 17 he has a strong message
for me for you
apocalypse 1217 says go or if the dragon
against the woman and went to fight with
remaining of their offspring those who
keep the commandments of God and have the
testimony of jesus
here are the sincere people of god those
who keep the commandments of God and the
testimony of Jesus take your
decision
join the people who wish to remain faithful
The word of God
If this is your wish, pray with me now.
holy fathers
Thank you for the truth of your word
Thank you because we can meet and
practice what your law teaches us
do not let the son of Babylon
come and defile us but we can
be safe and secure next to you
This is our prayer in name and for love.
Of Jesus